---
layout: post
title:  "Day Four: 三仙台 (Pebble Beach)，池上 (Chishang)"
date:   2015-07-16 19:49:07
author: Angela Hwang
categories: taiwan
---
Visited Places: Pebble Beach (三仙台), Lunch Box Restaurant (全美行)

Day 4 contains my most favorite spot of the entire trip! Stay tuned for more details >:D

The morning before departure, my family first ate some 蛋饼 for breakfast at a local shop. Afterwards, we briefly went to the beach to take pictures next to __ (the rock thing). 

While my dad was busy snapping solo photos of everyone, I started looking for neat shells.

What happened next was even better.

*Pauses for Nerd Moment*

The moment I looked down at the sand, my heart stopped.

Because on the ground laid millions of billions of small fossils.

Do you understand how thrilled I was (and still am?) We were literally standing on a sea of calcium carbonate skeletons of various bryozoa and anthozoans!!

I immediately stashed some fossils that looked like Rhombopora, Hexagonaria, and Septastrea into my pocket for closer examination later. My identification skills are probably off, but after all, my knownledge is only limited to the official Science Olympiad Fossils list of 2015. 

Even if you aren't a Fossils person, isn't it simply amazing to discover millions of tiny skeletons everywhere around you? 

How thrilling. Thank you,  垦丁, for the great day. ^-^

Anyways, after my gr8 fossil exploration, my family departed for the west side of Taiwan. (In case you haven't noticed, we have been traveling in a clockwise direction.) Thankfully, part of the journey still involved traveling by the ocean, so we got a enjoy nice views outside the window for a little longer.)

After driving for a while, we stopped at 台东 for a quick lunch at 拉亚汉堡 and browsed UNIQLO. (They have the softest sweatpants evar!) I also learned what a 槟榔 was after spotting, like, 5 槟榔 shops on the same street. Those shops are actually everywhere, not that I think about it. Surprisingly, I never see any customers inside the shops themselves. Apparently, betel nuts (槟榔) used to be really big in Taiwan and were chewed on like bubble gum. My ma described it as... "spicy". Weird, but I'll take it. I'll try a betel nut next time - just for the experience.

Then it was back on the road again.

Fast forward to about 3 hours later and we're back at the beach again - or more specifically, 三仙台 (Pebble Beach). I've been to plenty of beaches before, but none of them compare to this one - literally, the beach is made up of PEBBLES. Lovely, rounded pebbles with speckles. Best of all, they came in a variety of colors - grey, teal blue, maroon, lavender. 

I was talking about the Pebble Beach when I mentioned visiting my favorite spot in Taiwan. ^_^

Sorry for sounding stupid, but one has to wonder how the beach came to be composed of rocks in the first place. You would think the process of erosion already wore the rocks down to silt, but no - the entire beach retained its pebbles.

Or maybe I'm just stupid and the beach just recently formed, so the process of erosion is still ongoing.

Who knows? WHO CARES? The beach was fascinating just for being what it was. To the reader: please hmu  if you come across any pebble beaches in America because they are AMAZING, not gonna lie.

The best part about the beach is, like any other beach, taking your shoes off and standing in the cool water. Don't worry, the water is clean - and it feels clean. Be careful though, sometimes the pebbles can harm you when they're tumbling in the water. (That was expected though haha. After all, they ARE pebbles.) Anddd the waves may knock you off balance. But that's what makes the beach fun! :)

Reasons why the Pebble Beach surpasses all other places:
- Your feet and sandals are easy to clean. You just have to bang your shoes against a hard surface to get the pebbles out. As for the feet, just wipe those pebbles off with your sandals or something. :D
- The sea foam is just so. FASCINATING. *__*
- The ocean is soooo nice. And clean. 
- Or maybe just the beach overall is clean. Not a piece of litter to be seen. No stray links of seaweed scattered about. 
- The pebbles are so round and perfect they look like store-bought fish tank decor. I was almost tempted to take a larger-sized one home as my pet rock.

Yeee. ^__^ What can I say? It was gr8.

Alas, but all good things must come to an end, am I right? After about an hour at the beach, we were back in the Mitsubishi driving to our stop for the night, 池上.

池上 is a small town. My family took a while to find a nice place to stay before settling down at a hotel by a huge rice field outside the town hub.

Ok, that was definitely not descriptive enough. Because in 池上，rice fields are EVERYWHERE. Rice grows nicely there due to the town's ideal location: by the mountains. That equates to nice temperatures and plenty of fresh, uncontaminated water. 

Other than rice, 池上 is known for its one and only 便当. My family went to 全美行 to get a taste of this renowned dish. 

(show photo)

Interestingly, the 便当 came in a wooden box. Customers had the opportunity of writing a small message like "我爱池上便当！！" on a piece of wood and taping it to one of the restaurant walls. The walls are littered with wooden rectangles (WC) with small messages scribled on them. 

Anyhoo, the meal was delish. :D The restaurant offered free soup as well. Other than that, however, the 便当 was the only item on the menu. 

Yep. The restaurant only offered one dish. Not that its business was negatively harmed by that fact. 