---
layout: post
title:  "Day Seven: 日月潭 (Sun Moon Lake)"
date:   2015-07-19 19:49:07
author: Angela Hwang
categories: taiwan
---
Places Visited: 日月潭 (Sun Moon Lake)，九族文化村 (Aboriginal Cultural Village), Hot Springs

The last *official* day before returning to Taipei! Oh no! D:

After checking out of our hotel, we proceeded to park the car at the Sun Moon Lake Visitor Center for the day. Then, we rode a boat to the 玄奘寺 (Xuán zàng sì) (Syuentzang Temple), a temple dedicated to the monk Xuanzang, who is known for his perilous journey from China to India to immerse himself in Buddhism.  

(insert picture)

Other than the temple, the area also included a trail of stairs for people to pray. Back in the day, people apparently stopped to bow to the gods for every step they took on the trail.

(insert picture)

The beginning of the trail is marked by a giant sculpture of Xuanzang's upper body and his hand in its usual upright position. If you walk through the hole in his body, you will be blessed! 

I'm not a Buddhist, but the lake scenery was still nice.

(insert picture)

Is it just me, or does the lake look so unnaturally... blue? Maybe I'm just too used to the dreary gray shoes of Galveston, but the cerulean waters of Sun Moon Lake were marvelous. 

While I'm still talking about nature, let's look into Sun Moon Lake.
According to Thao legend, Sun Moon Lake was discovered when a group of hunters were chasing a white deer. Little did they know that the deer would eventually lead them to the lake, which turned out to be abundant in fish - perfect for living conditions. 

Sun Moon Lake is the largest body of freshwater and most popular tourist spot of Taiwan. At sunrise and sunset, you can see a cloud of mist that hangs over the lake. I'm sure the view at those times is absolutely breathtaking. 

Unfortunately, being the buffoons that we are, we didn't get to experience this beauty. -_-

Instead, where did we go to after visiting the temple?

An amusement park. YUP.

The amusement park is actually part of 九族文化村 (Jiǔzú wénhuà cūn), or the Formosan Aboriginal Culture Village. We rode a cable car to the village and enjoyed views of the lake along the way. (Note: The cable cars close before the amusement park does!) 

Other than the amusement park, the village also has a cultural aspect to let you learn about the daily lives of the Thao people (Taiwanese Aborigines) and experience Thao culture through music and dance. 

Seeing that we were in a time crunch, my sister and I leaned towards the amusement park option. :D Hehe. 

Besides, we had already watched some Thao performances beforehand. After leaving the temple and riding a boat to the other side of the lake, we happened to pass by a stage of Thao performers on the way to the cable car. Watching a free performance couldn't hurt, so we stayed for a bit. 

(insert pictures)

The stage was situated in front of a large platform. The audience sat on a set of wide stairs about 10 meters away from the stage. I'm not sure why the audience had to sit so far away from the stage, but the performances were nonetheless interesting to watch. We sat through about three dances and one song (or chant?) 

Then it was off to the place where a kid could be a kid. :D

(insert picture of trolley) Caption: Wheee! 

We were ecstatic to discover that most of rides literally required less than two minutes of waiting. 

Here's a few shots of us having a (water) blast.

(pictures)

The park provides free access to water ponchos! That's why I look like a bright yellow bundle. From how I see it, the poncho policy is similar to an honor system - whether you return the poncho to the park depends on your morals lol. 

The Gold Mine Adventure was literally identical to Disney World's Thunder Mountain ride! We rode on a log through several caves and suffered through some small drops, soon to be followed by the deathly drop. 

The drop height difference between the Gold Mine Adventure and Thunder Mountain is definitely noticeable. Nothing can compare to Thunder Mountain, hands down.

Not that I'm complaining. Who can stay in a heated mood in an amusement park?

After going through multiple rounds of water rides, we headed inside the Aladdin's Palace to check it out. It's a good thing that we chose to go in at that moment because it started showering outside 30 minutes later.

Well well well - what do we have here? Another Disney imitation? 

(show Space Mountain picture)

Yep - it's 太空山 - Space Mountain!

We proceeded to go on two more rides before calling it a day: 

(picture of pirate ship) 

Your typical stomach-twisting pirate ship...

(picture of balloons) 

And tilted hot air balloons!

Then we wasted about 100 NTD on rip off claw machines that release the toy once it retracts to the ceiling.

And my sister tried out the bottle throw game. Surprisingly, she knocked out 5 of the 6 bottles in one shot! Who knew my sister had that capability? (!)

(picture)

But before you knew it, the clock struck 4, indicating that we had to leave the park... and head back to Taipei. 

Well, maybe not just yet.

As usual, my dad got lost. We reached Taipei at around 2 in the morning - WAY too late (or early, however you think of it) to be knocking on my uncle's apartment door.

So where do we go to stay the night? The hot springs.

(picture)

So maybe we didn't ACTUALLY go to the hot springs. But the hotel we stayed in provided free water from nearby hot springs. The two tubs are to separate the cold from the hot water. 

Hot springs were never my forte, so I skipped bathing and opted for a shower instead. 

Review of the Day: If I could redo our trip to Sun Moon Lake, I would take the time to appreciate the lake more. The day felt extremely rushed even though we were up by 7. On an ideal day, I would've waken up earlier to see the lake at one of its most beautiful moments - daybreak. After admiring the sights, I would take the time to go biking around the lake. Yes - lots of tourists rent bikes in this area! 

Other than that, reliving my childhood on Day 7 was well worth it.