---
layout: post
title:  "Day Three: 垦丁 (Kenting)"
date:   2015-07-15 19:49:07
author: Angela Hwang
categories: taiwan
---
Places Visited: Southernmost Point of Taiwan (台湾最南点), Eluanbi Lighthouse (鵝鑾鼻燈塔), Kenting National Park (垦丁国家公园)，Kenting Main Street (垦丁大街)

IT'S BEACH TIME! 

I'll say this ahead of time before I forget: Day 3 contains the highest amount of visited places. However, it was well spent (with the exception of the lighthouse, to be discussed later.) And I'm still salty over the fact that I couldn't go swimming in the ocean. (Get it? Salty?) (I'm hilarious, I know.)

垦丁 is located by - you guessed it - the Pacific. I'm not even kidding though, the ocean views were absolutely breathtaking. Even the drive there provided us with aesthetically pleasing views (word choice wince) of the ocean. The water's soft baby blue was comparable to even that at Cancun. 

After checking in at a hotel with a nice beach view, my family drove to 台湾最南点 (Southernmost Point of Taiwan). The walk there from the parking lot is only about 800 meters long down a trail through a forest. The destination is a medium-sized deck facing the ocean with a sculpted sail in the center. 

(insert picture)

This attraction is only good for pictures, but I suppose you can add "Visited the Deep South - Literally" to your list of bragging rights. 

Yeah, that joke wasn't very funny. I tried too hard. Sorry. 

ANYWAYS! *clears throat after awkward pause* Following our brief visit to 最南点，my family drove around the outskirts of 垦丁. The area was definitely worth seeing and contained multiple good photography spots. 

For example:

(insert jumping picture)

Don't we all look ecstatic here? Especially my madre ;)

Enjoy some more views of the ocean here:

(insert picture)

We spent a good hour or two walking around the area, taking pictures and fooling around like a cheese ball of a family would do. And as if we still couldn't get enough scenery, the Hwang family then drove to the [Eluanbi Lighthouse (鵝鑾鼻燈塔)][lighthouse link], which sits inside [c][park link].

Walking to the lighthouse from the parking lot (warning: there is an entrance fee) takes about 20 minutes max. 

Built during the Qing Dynasy, the lighthouse stands as the only armed lighthouse in the world and has the strongest intensity out of all of Taiwan's lighthouse, hence the nickname "The Light of East Asia" (Thanks, [Wikipedia][wiki link]).

(insert picture)

Nearby the lighthouse was a trail that supposedly lead to the beach. My family innocently followed the trail into the woods before discovering midway that the trail had been closed off for unknown reasons, much to my dismay (and my exhausted sister's annoyance).

You'd think that with all that walking, I'd be hungry after visiting the lighthouse.
You're wrong. I was ravenous.

So, what better than to visit the NIGHT MARKET? 

At around 7 pm, [Kenting Main Street (垦丁大街)][market review] was bustling with people walking alongside roadside stands that lined both sides. Darkness had already settled in at this point, making the atmosphere more alive. Blaring music, oil sizzling in the deep fryers, sellers yelling out orders... there's just so much going on at this point, but I enjoyed every second of it. 

Food Consumed: 小龙果 (dragon fruit), 番木瓜 (papaya), 炸牛奶 (fried milk), 肉燥饭 (beef sauce rice), 炸奥利奥 (fried oreos)

(See a familiar dish up there? :P)

I would like to touch upon the fried food. You'd expect a Texan like me to attend the rodeo or county fair at least once in my life, never before had I attended such events. ([I guess that shows how cut off from civilization I am.][suga gif]) Thus, I had never experienced delicacies like fried Oreos or fried butter. 

The fried milk was definitely new to me. I watched in fascination as the road seller took a block of solid "milk", dipped it in batter, then placed it in the deep fryer. The milk was probably sweetened butter (though I've never heard of chocolate- or vanilla- flavored butter, to be frank.) The fried milk had a texture similar to a stick of margarine right in the middle of melting in a frying pan - creamy and slightly gooey. I tried it out of curiosity, but it isn't something I'd eat for pleasure in the future.

Same goes for the fried Oreos. I liked the Oreos slightly better compared to the fried milk, probably because the Oreos were familiar to me. I'm not going to lie - the Oreos were fantastic. There's a reason why the line for the Oreos never shrinks. Nonetheless, the Oreos were awfully sweet for me, and I didn't have the urge to finish the toppings :(

Ah, yes. Not sure if fried Oreo places offer toppings, but this roadside stand offered a choice of two toppings (out of Snickers, Hershey's, Reese's, cranberries, M&M's and peanuts) and one syrup (strawberry or chocolate). Such generosity! Much thanks!

I chose to top off my Oreos with cranberries, M&M's, and chocolate syrup. However, the solid toppings were not necessary and probably a waste of money on the seller's part. As I attempted to stab my Oreo with the provided skewer, the toppings would fall right off. Thus, I ate my Oreos bare with only chocolate syrup. 

But why should I complain? Nothing can go terribly wrong with fried Oreos. 

Review: 垦丁 was one of my most favorite spots. No one can argue against that its beautiful scenery, breathtaking ocean views... and fabulous night market!! If I could change one thing about my day there, I would have at least spent some time walking by the waters barefoot, shoes in hand. Anything to just feel the ocean against my skin and the nice breeze whistling in my ears ~

P.S. The pink-haired cutie in the linked gif is Suga from Bangtan Boys. :-)

[park link]: http://www.ktnp.gov.tw/eng/
[wiki link]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eluanbi_Lighthouse
[lighthouse link]: http://www.ktnp.gov.tw/cht/theme.aspx?type=2&themeTourID=15
[suga gif]: https://33.media.tumblr.com/008717e3046e4a8252d1f9dcc385d15e/tumblr_nr5v3b5BJh1sqsy8ao2_r1_400.gif
[market review]: http://www.tripadvisor.com/Attraction_Review-g297909-d2292512-Reviews-Pingtung_Tourist_Night_Market-Pingtung.html