---
layout: post
title:  "Day Six: 合欢山 (Hehuan Mountain)"
date:   2015-07-18 19:49:07
author: Angela Hwang
categories: taiwan
---
Places Visited: 合欢山 (Hehuan Mountain), 小瑞士花园 (Swiss Garden), Puli Night Market

Rise and shine, pretties! We woke up earlier than usual (around 6) while the day's temperatures still hadn't reached its peaks. Don't get me wrong, though - the weather in the mountains is gorgeous. 

The area actually offers several mountain trails, each leading to a different peak. Not being the most fit of all families, the Hwangs  climbed 合欢山主峰 (Hehuan Main Peak), which is (admittedly) one of the easier trails, as it isn't one of the taller peaks, not is it very dangerous. 

(Sidenote: My family actually took a shortcut that was off-limits due to its steepness. Oops.)

The views on top were spectacular. We were lucky that that day was nothing but clear skies. 

(show pictures)

A bit about 合欢山主峰: 

Hehuan Main Peak is 3416 (?) meters tall. 

(show picture)

It was originally used by the military, which explains the several abandoned barracks you'll find at the peak. 

(show barrack pictures)

Today it is used to control air traffic (and to attract tourists. :P)

(show picture)

And now for more scenic pictures! 

(show pictures)

Apparently there's a mountain club in Taiwan that only grants membership to people who have climbed at least 100 of the selected mountains in Taiwan. Hehuan Main Peak is one of them. The criteria for a mountain to be considered 'selected': the view at the top has to be great on all sides. I can see how Hehuan Main Peak fit the criteria.

(show more pictures)

Review: My dad called Hehuan Mountain the highlight of the road trip. Looking back, I can see why he said that. The clean, untouched air (and atmosphere in general) was energizing and put everyone in an awfully good mood that morning. Fantastic scenery, fantastic family time, and fantastic way to get some exercise. Daebak! 

Oh... And did I mention the tallest bathroom in Taiwan is located here?

(insert picture)

The Hwangs spent majority of the morning at 合欢山. But alas, the physical activity awakened our stomachs, and they soon started calling. 

Thus began the descent down the mountain. 

On the way down, we stopped at the 小瑞士花园 (Swiss Garden) in 清境 (CingJing).There's a lot of artificiality in this park, but it was nonetheless cute. 

Who can resist walking through a chain of archways composed entirely of rainbow pinwheels?

(insert pictures)

... Or trying to catch the giant bubbles in the flower garden?

(insert picture)

And did I mention the hundreds... 

(insert picture)

Of thousands...

(insert picture)

of PINWHEELS?

(insert picture)

Bonus: Here's a windmill at the center of the lake within the park.

(insert picture) 

The Swiss Garden is mainly popular among couples. That makes sense, considering the endless photoworthy spots within the garden.

Review: Really, there's nothing much to say about the garden - my family left after less than hour. Only visit if you have extra time on your hands, or if you're a passionate photographer... or if you want to post something cute on Instagram. (Raises hand guitily) One perk my family received was the coupon for the cafe within the garden. We enjoyed ourselves some nice discounted ice cream (except for me - I ordered lavender milk tea out of sheer nostalgia for Dulce Tapioca. ;-;)

Even if you're not interested in going to the garden, the surrounding area still makes a nice pit stop for all you road trippers. There's several restaurants nearby, like Carton King (纸箱王), whose interior is composed entirely of cardboard/paper; Mos Burger; Starbucks; 7-11; and some snack stalls.

Insert a quick lunch break here, and then we were back on the road for the 浦里 (Puli Township) to stay for the night.

And seeing that our road trip was quickly coming to an end, another round at a night market couldn't hurt.

(insert picture)

In honor of the first T-drama my sister and I ever watched, "Corner with Love" (starring Show Luo and Barbie Hsu), we tried an oyster omelette. (蚵仔煎) Despite my abhorrence of eggs, the omelette was crisp at the edges yet gooey at the center - a satisfying dish. 

(insert picture)

I also brought out my inner childlike self while playing the carnival-like bottle ring toss game. We were provided with an entire bucket of rings, but did I successfully win a prize? Nope. Was the game nonetheless exciting? Yep. :D

(insert picture)

I probably should have considered this [tip][carnival]: "Snap your wrist as you throw the ring to achieve the most spin possible, this will stabilize the ring making it easier to land cleanly on your target."

Or this [tip][carnival2]: Throw a stack of rings "so that the bottom one doesn't bounce off and is forced to stay on the bottle".

OR this tip: Toss the entire bucket. HAHA! That would've been hilarious to do. 

Ah well.

[carnival]: http://www.blifaloo.com/info/beat-carnival-games.php
[carnival2]: https://answers.yahoo.com/question/index?qid=20090324173707AAnUPAH