---
layout: post
title:  "Day Eight: 台北 (Taipei)"
date:   2015-07-20 19:49:07
author: Angela Hwang
categories: taiwan
---
Places Visited: 担水鱼人码头，MOVIE!

We returned to my uncle's apartment in the late afternoon. Day 8 was a rather chill day, but I'll still make a blog post. 

Consider this a #tbt post, because we traveled to Danshui. Basically, every time my family travels to Taiwan, we go there. 

(insert childhood picture)

Me and my sis, respectively.

As implied by the name, Danshui is located by the coast. Most of our time in Danshui was spent walking by the docks and riding a boat to Fisherman's Wharf. 

(picture)

A scene from T-drama "Murphy's Law of Love" was filmed here! Recognize the bridge? :D

Then we had some shaved ice. I hadn't had shaved ice in years, so it was a refreshing moment. 

(picture)
Look! It's red dragonfruit!

That wasn't the best part about the Day 8 though. It all started with a random conversation during dinner (We were eating - you named it - beef sauce rice/肉燥饭）. My dad mentioned how my sister was curious about movie theatres in Taiwan - how could there be enough room for theatres in such a crowded island? Then, my cousin has this brilliant idea to go to the movies at 9 pm, much to my aunt's shock. 

But hey, we still ended up going. Well, at least us kids did. Guess which movie we watched.



...



That's right - ANT-MAN! :D If you haven't watched it yet, you are definitely missing out. Gogogo!

And that's how my trip to Taiwan ended with a bang. :D

Well, this concludes my first attempt at blogging... But hopefully I've instilled at least some interest in Taiwan in you all by now. :) 

Definitely looking forward to future international adventures! I'll be sure to provide even greater updates on my travels by then.

Yours truly,
Ange