---
layout: post
title:  "Day Five: 花莲 (Hualien)，横贯公路 (Central Cross-lsland Highway)" 
date:   2015-07-17 19:49:07
author: Angela Hwang
categories: taiwan
---
Day 5: "I SEE U" tree, Mochi shop, 横贯公路 (Central Cross-lsland Highway)

Note: 横贯公路 is the shortened version of 东部东西横贯公路. (What a mouthful.) 

Much driving. Such bored. Wow.

JUST KIDDING! (Although the Day 5 does include spending beyond enough hours in the car. Have fun!) 

Before departing 池上, my family made a quick stop at the "I SEE U" tree. This tree was made famous after a severely popular actor filmed an [EVA Air commercial][commercial] by it. 

You can even see him biking by the rice fields on the way to the tree! (Yes, the tree is surrounded on all sides by rice fields.) 

We took a couple of quick shots, and then it was back on the road again.

(insert picture)

Fast forward a couple of hours later, and the Hwangs were once again reunited with civilization in the city of 花莲。

We didn't stay there for long because of my dad's desperation to quickly embark on the dangerous drive up the mountian to Hehuan Mountain through the Central Cross-lsland Highway. (More on the mountain tomorrow.)

Because Hualian County is famous for its mochi, my family stopped by a nearby mochi shop just to get a taste of local cuisine. I was thrilled to see that samples were offered for basically every flavor!! *Cues inner frugal self* I happily tried mango, green tea, taro, honey, sesame, etc. mochi just for kicks. In the end, my family settled on buying 绿豆 (mung bean) flavored mochi. The interesting thing is that the mochi came uncut in a bamboo canister. (Overall, the product is called 竹筒麻薯.) Here's a picture of the mochi as a long roll of sticky goodness:

(insert picture)

After the purchase, my family drove for about three more hours until we arrived at the base of Hehuan Mountain.

***NOTE: Bring a jacket. It doesn't have to be a winter coat, just a jacket ideal for 70 degree weather. The mountains can get pretty chilly. Just wearing a short sleeved shirt underneath should be fine. 
I would also wear long pants as well (I wore ankle leggings), but the length of your pants honestly depends on the type of person you are, I guess. Back in Houston, I sometimes see boys roaming around outside in bball shorts in 40 degree weather. \shrugs/ ***

Anyways, now for the best part: driving 3000 meters up the mountain!! You can imagine JUST how excited I was throughout the whole drive. 

If it weren't for my cousin's music CD (which contains what seems like over 100 songs by OneRepublic, Take That, and other pop bands), I probably would have gone crazy from the boredom throughout the whole 4 or so hours. 

SO! Note to self (and future travelers): Prepare yourself for some sudden flurries of frustration from not knowing how to pass the time. Sleep isn't exactly an option for all you people with weak stomachs, because the ride includes QUITE a few turns. Not to mention we're driving up a slope here. 

Along the way, I was impressed to see groups of people biking - or walking - up/down the mountain. To all the people who do those kinds of activities for fun - You guys have seriously earned my respect. TEACH ME, SENSEI. *Sighs*

Sorry for the really short post, but there's really nothing much to say about Day 5. 

Besides the REALLY amazing scenery up the mountain. 

(insert picture)

Turns out this mountain is more popular than expected. We tried to book a room at the first hotel we encountered, but all rooms were already full. Surprisingly, spots fill up so quickly that some reserve hotel rooms up to a month prior to actually traveling. 

Random Fact: There used to be another hotel by the one previously mentioned. However, conditions grew to be rather... crowded. The system used to be that up to 10 people shared one bed in each room. This means that strangers could (and probably did) room with each other. 

... Yeah.

I'm sure this raised a few eyebrows, so about a year ago, the hotel transformed into the visitor center after renovations.

(I must admit, though - rooming with a random family ought to be an interesting experience, dontcha think? ;) No dirty thoughts here or anything.)

Thankfully, the hotel that we eventually roomed in turned out to be even better than the first one, geographically. It was closer to the mountain climbing paths, not to mention it was within walking distance of a Seven Eleven (the highest Seven Eleven store in Taiwan!), small markets selling produce, and several restaurants. Perfect for travelers. 

Now off to bed before some serious physical activity tomorrow...

[commercial]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6JnycekV9bw