---
layout: post
title:  "Day One: 台北 (Taipei)"
date:   2015-07-13 19:49:07
author: Angela Hwang
categories: taiwan
---

Day 1: 台北 (Taipei)

Places Visited: 国父纪念馆 (Sun Yatsen Memorial), 松烟文创园区 (Songshan Cultural Center)

Wow. First of all, can I just say that Taiwan is HOT. Like, hot as in Houston hot. Which is.... really hot. 

Anyways, woohoo for my first official blog entry! Our first stop of the weeklong road trip is the city of Taipei - or more specifically, the Xinyi district. There, my family first went to the "Eslite Spectrum", the frighteningly huge shopping building bordering Songshan Cultural and Creative Park (松烟文创园区). Eslite Spectrum is actually a bookstore chain in Taiwan, but the store offers much more than just books.

(Sidenote: If you're interested in visiting the Songshan Cultural and Creative Park, the website can be found [here][cultural park]. You might find an exhibition that suits your interests!)

(insert picture)

The Eslite Spectrum radiates "coolness" on all four floors. 

First floor: "Fashion Plaza". Features jewelry, clothes, furniture, foldable bicycles and the like.

Second floor: "Crafts and Creations" Music, DIY's, food products, crafts. You'll find multiple DIY workshops here that allow you to make creations on the spot.

Also, can we take a moment to admire these LINE sock balls.

Third Floor: "Tea with Books". Books, electronic accessaries, books, cooking utensils, tea shops, books, music. 

Speaking of music...

*fangirl scream*

(insert picture)

YUP - the store sells KPOP albums. ^-^

{% embedly "https://www.google.com/maps/embed?pb=!1m18!1m12!1m3!1d3614.6913953018347!2d121.5614574!3d25.044545000000003!2m3!1f0!2f0!3f0!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1!3m3!1m2!1s0x3442abbf1460de89%3A0x9d204e656cd39b8!2z6Kqg5ZOB55Sf5rS75p2-6I-45bqX!5e0!3m2!1sen!2sus!4v1438728454402" width="400" height="300" frameborder="0" style="border:0" %}

Alright, enough of this talk about shopping, girlfriends. 

After a light lunch at a cafe, my family visited the 国父纪念馆 (Sun Yatsen Memorial). Even as someone of Taiwanese heritage, I am guilty to say that I have very minimal knownledge of Taiwanese history. Thus, this memorial was definitely a worthwhile stop :)

Upon first arriving at the memorial, we were met with a huge fountain surrounding by bushes with jazz music playing in the background.
Classy. (insert picture)

Before entering the building we found that teenagers commonly practice street dancing here! I would have stayed outside longer to watch them strike some moves, but alas, the memorial was calling me.

The main feature of the memorial is clearly the huge statue of Sun Yat-sen. It is constantly kept under surveillance by two soldiers standing at either side with a rifle at hand. The soldiers cannot move AT ALL during their shift. Only the occasional blinking of the eye is permitted.

(insert picture)

Sometimes, I feel like the soldiers draw more attention than do the statue! Haha. 

Other than admiring the statue (and the soldiers), visitors can expand their knowledge of history by looking at the exhibits at either end of the building. Bonus: They both contain English translations!

The first exhibit focuses on the life of Sun Yat-sen, starting with his birth and ending with his legacy. This exhibit was my favorite out of the two offered because it offers artifacts and was easy to follow from each section to the next.
A bit about Sun Yatsen that I'll try to recall from the top of my head:
Sun Yatsen....

- Was born in 1883.
- Led 11 rebellions, the last one in 1911 being successful.
- Studied in Hawaii, where he was exposed to English, Christianity, and democratic ideals.
- First formed his democratic mindset after listening to an anti-Qin Dynasty man.
- Formed the three principles of the people.
- Married a woman who was apparently much older than he?? Lol
- Visited Taiwan 2/3 times.
- Led the Guomindang Party amongst other political groups throughout his lifetime.

The second exhibit is more oriented towards the overall history of Taiwan. In addition to featuring Sun Yatsen's contribution to the founding of Taiwan, this exhibit also picks up from where Sun Yatsen left off after his death and ends with today. After Sun Yatsen died, his son and other political leaders established the Republic of China in Taiwan. (include more and verify)

Three Principles of the People (三民主)

1. Nationalism: Rouse the people; strive together with all peoples across the world who treat us as equal.
2. Democracy: Where there is a democracy, equality and freedom can exist. Wihout democracy, equality and freedom are merely empty words.
3. Livelihood: Maximize the potential of human talent; maximize the potential of natural resources; maximize the potential of manufactured goods; maximize the flow of trade.

Oh yeah, did I mention that the soldiers change watch shifts every hour?

(insert picture)

The best part is that the new soldier doesn't just tap the exhausted soldier and say, "Hey, my shift just started." Nope! The soldiers (both old and new) along with the commander undergo an extremely elaborate ceremony that makes one question humanity. 

(insert youtube link?)

The ceremony was definitely the highlight of the visit to the memorial. With stone faces, the soldiers would go through complex sequences of marching, pointing their rifles, and stomping. The whole ceremony in itself was probably 15 minutes long. 

(insert picture)

And after the ceremony, the new soldiers assume the exact. same. position as the old soldiers. The old soldiers march off with the commander, and the scene continues on as if nothing interesting has happened for the last quarter hour. 

Strange, yet fascinating. :D

Review: Definitely go to this spot. You could say that the memorial is a standard attraction, like Taipei 101. (Did I mention that Taipei 101 is literally next door to this place?) Good place for pictures, history... and street dancing. Haha. Beware of wild tourists that will push you to get a better view of the soldiers' ceremony. 

Alright guys. It's 5:08 AM here in Taipei, but I'm still wide awake (no thanks to my dad's unbelievably loud snoring.). Shall I begin the next post?

Let's do it.

[cultural park]: http://www.songshanculturalpark.org/ 