---
layout: post
title:  "Day Two: 三義 (Sanyi)，台南 (Tainan)"
date:   2015-07-14 19:49:07
author: Angela Hwang
categories: taiwan
---
Places Visited: Sanyi Wood Sculpture Museum (三義木雕博物馆), Slack Season Tan Tsi Noodle (度小月)

WARNING: Only read ahead if you're a major foodie like I.

Good morning, sunshines! (No kidding, I'm still writing at 5:12 AM.) Day 2 is definitely more relaxed than Day 1, but just as fun. 

You're probably dying to know why I had such a blast on Day 2, so I'll tell you why... the FOOD!

Just as always, however, I'll save the best for last. 

Ok, first stop: [Sanyi Wood Sculpture Museum (三義木雕博物馆)][wood link]. Didn't sound interesting, but my dad insisted on going because Sanyi, the township, is famous for its carvings. (Indeed it is - we passed by a plethora of carving shops on the way to the museum.) I only had an hour to tour the whole museum, so this should fly by pretty easily. 

The wood museum begins by describing the different methods of wood carving in different world regions in the early ages of man (i.e. Egypt, Nigeria, Central America). Then, it goes on to explain (in greater detail) the history of carving in Taiwan itself. Carving in Taiwan was first practiced by the Aborigines that originally inhabited the island. Centuries later in the era of the dynasties, carving was still a major deal in creating sculptures of Buddhist deities and whatnot. 

Plenty of artifacts are available on the first floor for you to admire to your own pleasure.

The second floor also contains historical artifacts (like a boat carved by the Aborigines and a huge gold foil banner depicting the emperor and basically the whole empire) but also displays wood carvings made by people in the 1900's and onwards.

The museum doesn't allow photography, but I still sneaked in some photos. (Shh!)

(insert pictures)

Review: Fun to look at the sculptures. Tedious if your main language is English. Unlike the Sun Yatsen memorial, the museum did not have English translations and instead offered English audio headsets. To play the audio, you have to scan a red circle. Multiple small red circles are stationed throughout the museum. This was frustrating because not only was the narrator awfully slow at reading her script out loud, but the audio was hard to follow and correspond with the artifacts standing in front of you. Sometimes, I had the feeling that the narration did not match up with the exhibits at all. 

Otherwise, the museum helped me understand the development of carving throughout the years. I advise staying at the museum for 2 hours if you genuinely wish to listen to the audio. Otherwise, if you only want to look at the carvings, you should be done in thirty minutes. 

The museum is a stamp location!

Now for the second highlight of Day 2: the food ^_^ That night, I learned that there's so much more to Taiwanese cuisine than just night market snacks.

To introduce us to genuine Taiwanese 小吃 (xiao chi), my dad's college friend and his wife took us to [Slack Season Tan Tsi Noodle (度小月)][noodle link], which is apparently a popular destination. The food came in portions more suitable for a party of 4 (we were a party of 6) but was oh so good. The restaurant is famous for its 烤虱目魚肚 (milkfish) and 担仔面 (dan zai noodles). My dad's friend ordered these in addition to 肉燥饭 (beef sauce rice), 蚵仔酥 (fried oysters), 和風龍鬚菜 (greens), 蘆筍沙拉 (asparagus salad), 魯大腸 (intestines), 黃金蝦捲 (fried shrimp roll),紹興醉雞 (chicken)...

I tried them all. :3

Being the unhealthy teenager that I am, I fell in love with the fried oysters. Crispy to the touch and tasted even better when dipped in the provided sauce. Close runner ups are the beef sauce rice，asparagus, and dan zai noodles. 
Warning: Beef sauce rice (肉燥饭) will be mentioned SEVERAL times throughout the blog. I probably ate that dang dish at least 4 times throughout the whole trip. The one served at this restaurant was the best one though. The rice was well cooked, and the beef sauce contained perfectly chewy beef chunks. *Sighs in reminiscence...*

The asparagus came drizzled in a sweet sauce that tasted strangely like banana and rested on a bed of onion skins. Put together all three and your mouth will explode with happiness. I've definitely never tasted the banana sauce before (not even sure if it's supposed to be banana-flavored) but it was well worth.

The dan zai noodles seemed to be the noodle version of the beef sauce rice but with soup, leafed vegetables, and an artsy looking shrimp resting in the center of the dish. Totally IG-worthy. And totally delicious.

(show pictures)

度小月 is a stamp location!

[Extra Tidbit: "Tainan's Dan Zai Mian"][wsj article]

You might think that my dinner ended there... but nope! For dessert, Mr. Everplast took us on a nice stroll to a local tofu pudding (豆花; Douhua) shop. Douhua is basically soft, squishier tofu. Based on your order, your douhua can come with soup/syrup and/or various toppings. 

My order, 杏仁豆腐+杏仁茶 (Almond tofu+almond tea)，was simple but had an amazing texture. 杏仁 means "almond", so my dessert was essentially tofu in almond tea. I've tasted almond tea before, but wow. It tastes so much better when paired with tofu, probably due to the tofu's plain taste that contrasts nicely with the tea's sweetness. 

(insert picture) 

The order LITERALLY looked like a bowl of milk when I first received it. But hey, looks can be deceiving ;)

Review: Best food ever. Hands down one of the best dinners I've eaten in a while... And that's saying a lot considering that I'm quite the picky eater.

[noodle link]: http://dtsm.com.tw/
[noodle review]: http://www.tripadvisor.com/Restaurant_Review-g293912-d1642608-Reviews-Slack_Season_Tan_Tsi_Noodle-Tainan.html
[wood link]: http://wood.mlc.gov.tw/english/index.asp
[wsj article]: http://www.wsj.com/articles/SB10001424052748703440604575495142369362942 